So let's try to solve this together,
make sure to download the setup for this project attached to the last lecture and the special thing
is that there, we also get this font,
already imported this handwritten font I'm using.
So let's think appout this application,
how do we want to structure, which parts should this application have? Well it should have a header,
this progress bar,
we also want a place where we create new quotes,
this text area in the button and then a place where we display all the quotes, where each single quote
is a component on its own.
So we get four components thus far, header,
new quote, all quotes and then a single quote,
well and this info message at the bottom, we can simply put it in our main root object, the app.vue
file.
This would be how we could structure that and how we could logically break that into single pieces with
their own business logic.
Well I'd say let's get started working on this grid and then adding the possibility to add new quotes
before we finish that all with tracking the state,
so tracking the number of quotes and adding the progress bar to display the current state.